If you ask me, would you go through the
divorce again? I'd go through it 100
times. You ask me, would you go through
the battle of this of the children
again? I'll go through it.
This is the new Sadaqah Jariyah in town.
On the day of judgement, the first thing
we will be asked about is our prayer.
Now, imagine being part of a project
that teaches [music] thousands of people
around the world. For just £100, you can
help teach 20 to 60 people
>> like me learn how to pray salah. And
when they teach their children and their
children's children
the reward continues. Do not miss the
Sadaqah Jariyah. Donate today and
[music] earn rewards that last beyond
your lifetime. Go to the link and donate
[music] now.
As-salamu alaykum warahmatullahi
wabarakatuh, brothers and sisters and
dear friends. Came across this video of
Mufti Menk
open opening up about his divorce
and either having an issue issue with
child custody or something along those
lines of some of the true the true due
to do with the trials of his children. I
don't know what he meant by I found it
very interesting. Now, before we get
into that reaction video, brothers and
sisters, I wanted to introduce you guys
to brand new channels. Let's play a game
and the Dowabus podcast. Alhamdulillah,
these are two new shows where we invite
guests and I'm going to show you a
little snippet on both of them,
inshallah, and they are coming soon,
inshallah. I want you guys to start
subscribing to the channel and I want to
invite Mufti Menk I've messaged him
myself officially on that show. It's a
show that involves cards
personal questions pe- uh questions
pertaining to marriage, the unseen
world, um
you name it, inshallah. Okay, different
different uh questions uh to get to know
our guests on a personal level. We've
already uh recorded 10 episodes. The uh
the the channel will be coming out very
soon. Here's a little snippet of it and
we're going to get straight to the Mufti
Menk video. Start subscribing,
inshallah, and Mufti Menk, I want you on
that show and want to, inshallah, get
people to know you on a personal level
and even myself. The show's got amazing,
unexpected, spontaneous events that
happen in it and the cards are very,
very personal. Here's a little snippet
of the shows and let's go to the
reaction video.
The main person who convinced me to
become a Muslim is now the person who
dislikes me the worst in the world.
Between evil eye, black magic, jinn
possession, which one would you prefer?
When you get to what happens like on the
day of judgement, some of that stuff
like doesn't sound very merciful.
>> Muhammad, peace [music] be upon him, did
not marry a child and I can prove it to
you in less than 45 seconds only using
six points.
>> What was the initial thoughts when I
said, "I am a Muslim?" Becoming a Muslim
doesn't mean you're a new person. It's
an add-on.
Some believers get caught up with these
groups. This person is an innovator.
Stay away from that person. So toxic. It
just sucks the life out of them. Most
people live their life in alignment with
other people want them to do. It's my
thing with the wedding. How do you want
to live your life? What's something you
feel you failed as a Muslim? Painful
lesson you learned too late. Call them
out in the comments, guys. Ali Dawah was
guilt-tripping me into giving money. I
like that.
You did that in the trailer.
Let's play a game.
Okay, here's the first video inshallah
about his divorce and his issues with
his, I guess,
kids from his ex-wife. If you ask me,
"Would you go through the divorce
again?" I'd go through it 100 times. You
ask me, "Would you go through the battle
of this of the children again?" I'll go
through it. There was a time when I used
to tell Allah
>> [snorts]
>> that oh Allah, I thank you for this
issue that you've put in my life. Wow.
Subhanallah, so you can see he's quite
vague. We don't know exactly what is
that. It's going from not that we're
trying to be nosy, but we don't know the
battle with the children, etc. Was it
for custody? Was it for seeing them? We
do not know. Subhanallah. There's
another clip that gives some clarity,
but inshallah on the next play game
show, maybe he can open up a little bit
more, inshallah. I really want him on
the show and it'll be absolutely epic. I
mean, it's going to be the most epic
podcast in the Muslim scene, brothers
and sisters. But let's carry on,
inshallah. Let's see what he had to say
about and there's very important lessons
to learn from this as well. That's
beautiful. That's beautiful.
>> Guess why? Why?
It's something amazing. It's something
amazing. What is it? Because I used to
tell Allah I I read and I read up the
Quran Sunnah and my and knowledge
increased. Allah says he will definitely
test you. There's no one on Earth who
doesn't have a major test, some major
test, right? I used to say, "Oh Allah,
if this is my test, I thank you because
I'm managing it. I'm coping. I'm going.
I'm alive. I'm okay. I'm drinking. I'm
eating. I got a house. I got a home. I
got a family. I got kids. I got
whatever, whatever. And you know what?
This is something Yes, I want to solve
it. It's hurting me. It's paining me.
Whatever, whatever. But I thank you
because you've given me an issue that I
can cope with."
Masha Allah. So, this is a time when I I
looked at it from a totally different
dimension. Subhanallah, that is
profound. Subhanallah. Allah says in the
Quran, "If you are grateful to me, I
will increase you." Increase you in
what? Allah Subhana Wa Ta'ala doesn't go
into details of what he increases you
in.
It can be People can increase you in
what? He can increase you in something
pertaining to the unseen. He can
increase you in beneficial knowledge. He
can increase you in gratitude. When he
was going through that situation, he's
the We've talked about his divorce
before, but it's the first time he's
talking about some custody, child
issues, whatever the case may be.
And Subhanallah, Allah got him through
it. But he looked at his blessings. And
that's why the Prophet said, "Do not
look at those above be ungrateful to
Allah. Rather, look at those below you
and be grateful to Allah Subhana Wa
Ta'ala." There's another clip. He goes
into a bit more detail about when his
children I think reached the age of 18.
But brothers and sisters, this is an
important issue. Every single one of us
go through something. I'm going through
a condition that I'm losing my eyesight.
I'm going blind slowly. But I know Allah
Subhana Wa Ta'ala will never let me
down. And I know Allah will give me a
way out. Even if that means I get a dog
and a dog takes me from A to B, which is
a possibility with my eye condition with
the age of 40 that I will need a guide
dog, which I'm going to call the Dawa
dog. But the thing is this, Allah will
get me out of it. And I know that about
7 or 8 years ago, one day I might open
up about my personal stuff that I went
through. Um madness. Okay, I know what I
went through. If I told you guys what
I've been through, wallahi, your jaw
would drop. Wallahi, your jaw would
drop. And I do not know how I survived
it. Allah will get you out of it as long
as you have a relationship with him.
Let's go to the next clip, inshallah.
And Subhanallah, this is why I want
Mufti Menk on the Let's Play Game Show
because we want to get to know him a bit
better on a personal level. That's what
the show is about. We have 10 episodes
and different guests. Subhanallah, and
we unravel and understand them as a
human being and get to know them on a
personal level. Let's watch this clip as
well. But in the days
at a certain point
uh when the kids turned 18, when the
oldest child turned 18
uh naturally they
the whole situation was such that
people had softened up a little bit, I'd
like to think, realizing that it's not
the right thing.
And so who Yes, on their side. So when
when they came back to me on their own
>> [snorts]
>> I just decided the Fatah Mecca story
and I just decided the Yusuf Alayhis
Salam story.
>> Masha Allah. And I just decided, you
know, it's a day of release. I will
never ever
like to speak bad about them.
>> Wow. I don't want to cuz they were very
good people besides in one or two
things. Very very honorable of Mufti
Menk to say that. Subhan, it does seem
like his kids he didn't get to see his
kids for whatever reason. Subhanallah,
may Allah Subhana Wa Ta'ala make it easy
for him. But when they reached the age
of 18, and this were very important
because and I believe Mufti Menk should
talk about this more because there are
so many fathers and men out there who
have gone through absolute hell. And I'm
not saying
his situation, I'm taking that situation
out. Forget that. That cannot see their
children for whatever reason, etc. And
people make mistakes, like he said. And
we should talk um you know, not talk ill
of you know, if you have exes or
whatever, etc. And whatever he went
through and he's still graceful and he's
talking about it. But there are a lot of
men out there who are going through
absolute hell. Women using their
children against them and this is evil,
pure evil. Subhanallah. I'm not saying
this is his situation, but Subhanallah,
at least his kids softened up towards
age of 18 for whatever reason. We're not
going to enter into our system, not jump
speculations, but they came back to him.
Subhanallah. He gives a very beautiful
example here. Listen. I believe I'm a
very good person. I also have one or two
things
>> Yeah. that people might say, but on this
point this guy is not right. So if a
person has 2 million beautiful points
and two really bad points, it makes them
a very very good person.
>> Exactly.
>> Have you heard the example I always give
about restaurants? When you want to eat,
you look at the reviews.
>> Please, please. When you want to
>> yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I remember
that one. Correct.
>> And if a place [clears throat] is
between four and five stars, you will
eat. So, it's 4.5. That means there's
10% things wrong with this place.
But, I'm going to go there because 10%
is nothing.
So, the same applies to us. If someone
gives me a 4.5 review, it means there's
a few people who don't like me.
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah. But, guess what? The
vast majority, they actually That's a
very good review. Exactly. That's a very
That's I'm not going to That's a very
good analogy. I'm going to use that
analogy in my life.
Very, very beautiful analogy. And once
again, my brothers and sisters, we are
all going through something. Anyone
that's watching this, you're going
through something Ramadan after Ramadan
or whatever it is, we all going through
Wallahi, every single person. The person
who's laughing and cheerful and this
that, the couple that you see walking
and they look like they're lovey-dovey,
and other people, every single person on
Earth is going to be tested. Allah will
not unjustly test more one than another.
Allah will It's You know what? Your test
is tailored to you. I'm losing my
eyesight. If my test was given to you,
you might lose it. If my test If your
test was given to me, I might lose it.
How Allah's catered it and tailored it
for us. There was a brother who lost his
child. And he was saying,
"Alhamdulillah." Wallahi, I was shocked.
Amazed. And I thought, "Subhanallah, you
know what? How Allah's tailored it that
his test is specific for him." Not like
he wasn't hurt. Not he was saying,
"Alhamdulillah." But, he showed
gratitude and perseverance. And I was
like, "Bro, if that was my test, that
would have crumbled me." And if he was
test with my eyesight situation, he
would be like, "Yo, bro, I can't do
that." And that's how gracious and
merciful Allah Subhana Wa Ta'ala is.
Just know whatever you're going through,
Allah Subhana Wa Ta'ala has your back.
Back. Do not ever feel Wallahi, just
have a connection with Allah. Your
salah, your relation with Allah, Allah
will get you out of every mess. Wallahi,
I've been in so many messes. Allah's got
me out of it. So, all I want to say is
inshallah Muslimin, may Allah Subhana Wa
Ta'ala make it easy for you. And um
heal your affairs or whatever it is for
that matter. And please, please, I want
you on the Let's Play Game Show. I've
messaged you uh here on uh WhatsApp as
well. I really want you inshallah on
that show.
There you go. I've sent a message
inshallah. May Allah bless and preserve
you. It'll be an honor to have you
inshallah. Hopefully he's And he's
always And if you think about Lucky
Goals and anyone's podcast And that's
that's a brother. I don't think he's got
that many views or whatever. And this is
the beauty of public figures we should
be. It shouldn't be about the numbers
but Mufti Menk I've seen nothing but
goodness in him. May Allah preserve him
and his point of dawa. Till next time.
As-salamu alaykum wa rahmatullahi wa
barakatuh brothers and sisters. Download
the Quran the app this Ramadan and do
the Ramadan challenge. And and also
donate for the Salah Pro project and
help teach
thousands of people. This year we're
putting 70,000
mats for 20,000 kids, 50,000 for adults
in Italian, German, French, Spanish,
Japanese, and English. And we're
distributing them to dial tables, to
mosques, to prisons, to hospitals,
people on the verge of death,
everywhere inshallah. You can be a
sadqah. It's going to be sadqah jariyah.
100 pounds only teaches 200 20 to 60
people to know how to pray salah
inshallah. And if you can do a donation
of 1,000 pounds, that will teach 200 to
600 people. As-salamu alaykum wa
rahmatullahi wa barakatuh.